good morning it's january
11 2021
and it's a monday here in l.a
another clear morning with a
gentle breeze blowing 48 degrees
fahrenheit around
9 celsius today
i was thinking about george
thoroughgood and his song
bad to the bone i love the feel of this
song
the guitars and voice
only criticism personally i don't like
the saxophone at the end it's too pretty
it's not nearly mean enough
for this and
you could say the title of this song
has some meaning for today's world
should go up to around
71 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon 22
celsius and it looks like
wow we're going to be having golden
sunshine
and blue skies all along the way
everyone have a great day